The Joe Rogan experience this fight, man. Holy.
This fight is crazy. Here we go, baby.
Jamie, give me a little volume since I don't have headphones on,
I'm going to hear a little of this, the great Bruce buffer.
I can't wear headphones with this beautiful kangaroo.
Meat hat. I don't know what this is made out of.
Is this made out of kangaroo? Does it say
he told me I forgot.
What do you think?
Like the most like demonic or haunted Relic you have in here is
like, I feel like so much of this crazy.
Stuff's probably from some hidden temple or something, right? Question.
What's.
The most haunted we have in here.
But she's picture of Brody's picture.
Pro. This picture might be the most haunted.
Yeah. I would say part of an Aztec empire.
[inaudible] dinosaur food who gave us that again?
The energy from that, those things are Mitzi's the.
Horns. Yeah.
That's that's dinner. That's great energy. That then gives me good.
I love those things. Did you eat that animal?
The out of that one that one's already eaten.
That's I shot that elk two and a half, three years ago, whatever it was.
Yeah. I ate him. Wow. I ate his liver. I hate his heart. I hate everything.
How big was he?
Just a big elk. You have a big apple.
Took me like a year to eat him.
I had elk and eggs this morning for breakfast. That's great, bro.
They do like an analysis of my DNA. They'd be like, what? In the?
This dude is 90% deer meat.
It's not all you eat now. I eat a lot.
Of it, man. I cook, uh,
I'll cook a big elk roast every week and then
I'll uh, I'll eat it for breakfast. I'll slice it up. I put hot sauce on it.
Eat it, eat it up.
You get a Trager yet. Joey Diaz, a Traeger grill a smoker.
No I'm telling you dude. You would, if you had this mammoth jam, right?
I'm telling you, bro, bro, you.
Don't like looking at food raw. You mean, if you look at me.
You're like Joey is a great cook.
I could sit with you and tell you how they do certain restaurant
because I'm not the kitchen.
But as far as me looking at a chicken or raw chicken and touching it,
all that really? No, I.
Could picture you over a grill.
You'd get cast for every character that stands over.
A girl. I used to make chicken, all that cocoa. Yeah. When I was a kid,
which was chicken cutlets like onions and garlic.
And stuff,
man just walked all the way across the cage and stood right in front of
Mazda doll. As they said his name. Wow,
this is going to be crazy. This is very interesting.
Very interesting because this is the biggest strongest guy that Mazda dolls
ever fought at welterweight.
Luckily he was a pretty big guy Walter way too. But um,
physically Comoro is a different animal.
I mean he's a national champion wrestler and just a
spectacular physical specimen. Look at this.
[Inaudible] low.
Kick right away from Mazda at all, another low kick.
And he clicked on the left hook. Wow.
Oh, inside low kick Boswell took him down or excuse me.
Kamara took him down.
[Inaudible].
Mozza was a very good wrestler though. He's real sneaky.
Very sneaky with his grappling.
Yeah. It's interesting that it's down this fast. Yeah, it is interesting.
But he's.
Kind of holding on. Let's see what he's able to do.
You just fart. No. Yeah.
But I was going to say is that, you know, he fought at lightweight.
Most of his career Mazda at all did and boost Mon
is much bigger. I mean, he's a, an enormous lightweight.
He's about as big as a lightweight, excuse me. Enormous welterweight.
He's about as big as a welterweight can get. And the only guy.
To beat Huseman was a lot taller than him.
Right? Isn't that what he said? I got caught in, uh,
I think it was his first pro fight.
He got caught with a rear naked choke and he got tapped, but it,
I don't think it had anything to do with someone being bigger.
He just didn't understand you Jitsu then. Yeah.
He's out. He's up. Interesting. Not interesting at all.
Nothing very little happened there.
But now on the feet I give a big advantage to Mazda doll,
especially when it comes to uh, wow.
Especially when it comes to combinations, he lands wild combinations
inside, low kick. Again.
I hate that bro. MOSFET all wins his fight. He's a superstar. Yeah.
Oh nice knee to the body. Oh. He heard him. He heard him with that and oh,
when he kicked him in the body. Ooh.
What did you say in Cuban a second ago?
The thing about this fight is it Mazda at all was training for a
fight on July 11th, but then the negotiations didn't go well.
And then they gave it to Gilbert burns because Gilbert burns was willing
to take a, a D a different deal. That Mazda wouldn't take,
but he was still training. Now. He says he was ready anyway,
because he thought the one of these guys was going to fall out because a lot of
times guys do fall out. Guys get injured all the time.
I would say it's like 40% of the time in these big fights.
Some happens and things fall apart.
I mean, he said he's been training. Yeah, he does.
It's smart, man. It's smart.
Look at Khabib and Tony Ferguson have never happened every time.
They're supposed to happen.
It doesn't happen that flight's been canceled five times.
So when you're at this level, it's a smart move.
If they're negotiating with you for a fight on July 11th, just keep training,
man. Even if the negotiations fall apart,
because if you do get that call six days out and you are in shape,
but the question is like, is Mazda at all? I mean, we don't know.
We don't know how much he was training and we don't know what he did do. Oh,
big shot by Huseman.
Little blood over mass Fidel's eyebrow.
Ooh. See, see what I'm saying? He's sneaky. He sets stuff up.
He does like some crafty veteran in there. See,
like he he'll rush. You hit you at shots coming in
because those calm and steady, calm and steady.
That's how I was with Colby too. Calm and steady.
Just kept that pressure on didn't really throw a hundred percent heat
until he knew he had him hurt. He just stays calm and steady.
He'll stab you in the stomach a lot with those front kicks too.
But see Jorge is catching them with these combinations.
Oh, this is not good for [inaudible].
Oh.
Mazda doll is just too clever and fast with his hands.
He's got to get away from that cage
with the right hand. Oh,
big shots of the body by ma by Huisman hoof.
The wild thing about Masa doll is he basically outboxed Nate Diaz, who.
Out of nature of this man who out of him. That was a box.
Conor McGregor who won rounds against around at least against
Mayweather.
Well, they were talking about setting.
I'm also a doll and Connor McGregor and Dan, and what it was like,
get the out of here.
It's like them not having that fight happening. That is not.
And they were also talking about setting them up with Uzma. And again,
Dan white was like,
get the out of here because they were talking about it right after three knocked
out cowboy. When Conor knocked out Cowboys, like.
I love myself, had 1 74 strong.
I feel great, Joe.
That's a much better Jimmy Schumer.
I can do all these things. I can do all these tings at one 70.
Look at this boom.
Oh, big right-hand there boost model on the brake bank.
Look at that right hand. And the left hook on the brake.
Again, chopping at that leg. That low calf kick,
you know, what's interesting Mazda. It all stands dead straight. Like you,
you watched how he stands up. He doesn't look like he's avoiding the takedown.
Oh, look at that. Take single leg. Got out of it. Wow. I know.
Way high too. Stretched them out.
Oh, look at this.
He's deciding he must've got some good coaching in the corner and they're like,
Hey, listen, all this boxing. You're the best wrestler in this division.
Get ahold of, there you go. Get ahold of this guy,
drag him to the ground and Maul him.
That's what you do. Cause he's getting hit too many times.
And he's only human is tough. As it was spawn is a guy like Mazda,
all clips.
You a few times that little video game power bar just keeps dropping.
Kind of impressive.
What I was going to say about Mazda doll is that he stands straight up.
He doesn't like have it.
Doesn't look like he's trying at all to stop take downs.
It looks like he's in a kickboxing fight.
He's like got perfect upright posture.
But his balance is so good in his take-down defense is so good.
It usually can avoid them.
It's a weird position. They're in, it's got risk control.
It's taking a lot of foot stomps. Yeah. Those are weird, man.
If someone doesn't perfectly. Woo, nice elbow there.
Wow. Someone does it perfectly. You can, uh, you can,
you can damage someone's foot, but it's oftentimes it's just annoying.
It seems like those would really hurt. Was a good left-hand of the body,
but it was spawn.
He's digging into the liver with that.
I guess in the new video game you could do like Florida backyard octagon.
I think I saw.
Mazda doll and Kimbo slice used to fight. Yep.
Does it look like MOSFET? All his like white stuff on his face,
maybe the only one seeing that on the close ups. Do you mean.
It looks like he is like, he's like losing color in his face or something.
What are you talking about?
You see that like how it looks like he sorta has like a sun suntan lotion on or
something.
It's not the like the contrast is just sweat. Yeah.
Maybe it's just the contrast on the TV or something.
I think was just sweating in a fight.
He's got to get away from the cage
stop when this poor guy's leaning on it. Oh, I understand.
Oh, this man definitely just doesn't want to F.
Well, he's just being smart. His,
his strength is in his grappling and his physical size and power.
And the more he does this to Mazda doll and the way he's digging into the body,
the more he does this,
the more it's going to take away from Mazda doll's ability to explode on him.
What.
Is MOSFET I'll need to do here?
Big step to the left and push with the left hand.
He's uh, he's definitely got to get his back away from the cage for sure.
He's got to try to turn him. He's got escape.
He's got to somehow or another get out of this clench,
but it's like how much energy is it going to take to do that?
And if he does do that, will oops. Mom be able to put them right back on there,
but he's got to do something or he's losing this round. I mean,
he's only got 55 seconds to go, right? Oh.
And he's keeps shoulder checking them.
I mean, Mazda. We're all smiling, but he's for sure. Giving up this round.
Oh, good. Left hand by Uzma.
MOSFET. I'll still as a full gas tank right now.
Nice inside locate. Oh.
Oh God.
That's. That's why [inaudible] oh.
Oh, nice. Low kick. They didn't catch that one on camera. They were, uh,
they had a mid body camera shop. That was a nice low kick.
Yeah. Must Fidel
big control stand up.
What does that mean? It means good. Oh good things are happening. Tony
white people. Am I right? Joey.
Cubans. You talk a whole different language here. What? A crocodile.
Yeah. It was the contrast by the way. There's no. Yeah, it was beautiful. Yeah.
So perfect skin. He's telling them don't let them hold on to you.
Oh yeah. You can translate this. Oh, your nose breathe.
They must have listen to my podcast with James nester.
Got a lot of Google over his left eye. Look at that.
They should wipe that off all Yoel Romero. That goop is, uh,
it'll get into his eyeball though.
I think it's just Vaseline. But
in boxing they actually use adrenaline to stop cuts, to stop bleeding,
which is interesting. I wonder how that even works.
Like it's a cream. I think it's like a, an ointment,
like an adrenaline ointment that they use to stop the bleeding.
I've never asked a doctor about it,
but I know that they I've heard commentators talk about it.
How they use adrenaline. Have you ever interviewed Tyson fury?
Yes. He's awesome.
Any chance he got to use the kick machine? No, he didn't use the kick machine.
I'd love to know what he'd score on that.
If he tried from a positive that dude could kick.
If he could land a kick with his punching and just brains.
Well,
[inaudible] punches almost as hard as I kick.
Like when you look at the meter, like what it registers,
he has the hardest registered punch on that thing.
And for awhile I had the hardest registered kick. Some of the dude bested me.
I my knee. You.
Can kick as hard as Negan who can punch or harder. I kick harder. Holy. Yeah.
But it's all like, dude. Right. It's I get it.
But that's still pretty cool thing to think.
But I, uh, I was doing it with Joe Schilling and oh. And I, since I locate, oh,
they're getting after it here. Oh,
third round here. Things are heating up.
Anyway. I tore meniscus doing it like an idiot.
Me and Joe Schilling were doing it. I had my pants on no warmup.
I'm 52 years old, full blast kicking this bat like an idiot.
And then the next day my meniscus was really sore. I got an MRI.
I have a little tear in there now
I've been working on it ever since trying to fix it.
That stretching is important.
It's not even stretching. It's getting everything right. Warmed up.
The latching is okay.
But really what's important is getting heat in your muscles. Sweating.
Did he take one of the nuts there? What happened?
[Inaudible].
This is nicely. I'll take a little break here for Jorge.
What did he do here? I'm confused.
I didn't see that.
Yeah. Didn't look like a low blow there. Maybe it was a different shot.
I didn't see the replay at all. The replay looked above the,
a.
Groin, but I think they may have shown me as a time punch.
After that.
[inaudible] talking to him. I don't think so.
Let me see this. Hmm
[inaudible] whoa. What's that? That's the part that was weird.
He tea cup does nuts.
Yeah. Yeah. That was it. It wasn't the punch.
Cause that's when he racked reacts on the other angle. I'm serious cup.
It's like, you're going to let them squeeze my junk like that.
[inaudible] Hmm.
Who's your favorite referee? Joe Rogan.
Herb Dean. Yep. I think herb Dean is the best,
but there's a lot of guys that are really good. There's like,
there's that level? That herb Dean level. Now,
especially now the big John McCarthy's retired, but uh,
there's a lot of really good guys. I just, when I see her Dean,
I get a feel safe. My curve is not going to this up.
[Inaudible]
so weird. How quiet it is in there.
Oh, it's weird. show. You got to go there. Live.
Come with, I'm watching this. I'm like this just wish you.
Could come with me to one.
There's a lot more people in the audience in this one than normal. Wow.
Look at that big take down for [inaudible]. This is big. This is big. If it was
small, I can get a couple of takedowns
like this that's big. And here is inside control. Wow. Big striking advantage for
loose Mala that 144 toll strikes versus 89. Here we go. I'll get that
up. Nope. Control them. Oh, big elbow by Huseman. Yeah
. This is the first fight where I'm, [inaudible]
working with Trevor Whitman too.
He's down in Denver with just engag and,
and that's where a rose Namajunas is training to
shout out to pat Barry.
Oh, look at that. They all train in Denver. Yeah.
[inaudible] they're a big advantage with that altitude.
That's a good question. Because some people say yes and some people say, no,
some people say you're better off training at sea level because at sea level you
could put in more work cause there's more air.
And really what the altitude is for is for recovery.
So you should sleep at altitude, but train at sea level.
That's what a lot of people think.
That's what like the current cutting edge science seems to indicate.
So they think that the,
maybe the best thing to do is to train at sea
level and then sleep in an oxygen tent. My.
Best sleeping ever was when I lived in Stalmaster village. Yeah.
That's when that waking up in the middle of the night, ended in my life.
I would leave the window opened two winches.
You get that cool air at two in the morning. Have you stayed?
Have you stayed in a hotel since the lockdown? No, we.
Stay when we were in Houston, we, you know, there was nobody there, nobody.
There, Joey, you can't find sleep like this in Los Angeles.
You'll there will be a helicopter at some point within six hours. I mean,
I didn't realize until I woke up, I didn't hear a peep for eight, 10 hours,
something crazy championship brown. Who's a nobody in the hotel.
So it's it's oh, you're on the 12th floor of it.
Joe grabs that leg. Dude. Undeniable, undeniable,
wrestling and strength. Look at those MOSFET all fought it off.
Yeah. It's so different with no crowd, man.
You hear these shots when you're there live, you hear them breathing.
It's crazy.
It's wild. Because even when it's packed arenas,
even when it's packed arenas, you can hear so much.
So I can't even imagine what it's like. It's amazing when it's empty. I got it.
To.
Be honest, I kinda like it better.
There's something about the undeniable energy of a big crowd.
That's pretty amazing too. It's not like it's bad,
but there's something extra special about being able to watch these fights
with no audience when you're there live. Because first of all,
you feel so fortunate. Like, man,
I can't believe I'm here watching Tyron,
Woodley and Gilbert burns live. You know,
no audience does not that many people got to see that fight live
two Mazda dolls. He's just fighting off these takedowns all the time.
Now
[inaudible].
Man.
Jorge is just having a hard time with his wrestling and here we are in the
fourth,
it's just got him covered.
I wonder what,
if anything would have been different if he did have a full training camp for
this because oops,
man just looks sensational
saying something.
It's nine 30 in the morning there right now in Yas island. Yeah. Oh my God.
Is it really?
That's kind of crazy. So when was the first fight?
I can't imagine them ever getting, going, trying for that schedule though,
to them. It's got ups still be.
So the first fight was like what? Six hours ago? Yeah.
So they started fighting at three 30 in the morning. Oh.
They did that once and we had to do that one. Caught him with a big shot.
The one we were at in Sweden was it dude.
Whoa.
Been letting them stand. Yeah.
He's trying to lure him into something. So he does, he does these rushes.
Oh. Oh,
don't give him that far off that take down.
Nice big punch by useless,
straight press.
These fights are so like these kinds of fights are so interesting to me because
it's like, you see a guy who's as strong as it was Mon.
It's such a good wrestler and figures out how to get a guy up against the cage.
And I know for a lot of people that boring. Cause it's not a lot happens,
but it's so hard for him to avoid like as a
tack, nice elbow as a fighting tactic,
it just cuts out all the striking cuts out all the danger and then oops,
Mon completely controls what's happening.
Wow.
I was really interested in seeing Gilbert burns versus Comoro too.
Cause they train together. They know each other's.
Wow.
This round is going to be tremendous guys. I bet this is going to be tremendous.
What do you tell MOSFET? All right. Now you got to win by knockout.
You gotta knock them out.
You got to find a way to knock them out. Do not let him touch.
You do not let him grab a hold of you. And if he grabs a hold of you,
you gotta fight for your life. You only have five minutes.
Just give everything you got for that five minutes,
but do not let him grab you. Do not let him press you up against cage.
Don't resign yourself to that position either.
There we go.
All right. Round five.
It's just that clinch is so hard for Uzman to be denied.
You know, he's just so good at getting it. And then what do you do?
You can't get them off.
He's had mustard all on the cage. Like, uh,
like Khabib keeps people on the ground. Okay. Yeah.
But there's a big difference. She knows two things, right?
It's not as good. It's not as good as getting a guy to the ground.
Getting the liquid Khabib does is the most dominant. Yeah,
but it's still it's like that was Randy.
Couture's move to get guys up against the cage and beat him up against the cage.
They couldn't do. Where are you out? Ah, there it is.
Okay.
[inaudible] on top here. Relentless pressure,
man. There's just no,
there's no substitute for that elite wrestler
grappling ability. Those elite wrestlers.
When you get to that national champion world champion level of grappling,
those guys like Daniel Cormier.
Comoro like so many of these like top flight wrestlers.
They get ahold of and it's like, that's just a,
such a big advantage.
This is not good for Mazda at all.
And that's to go stuck underneath here,
neon his neck right now. I just got his knee. Yeah.
Tomorrow does it looks like I get that.
Yeah, it does. It looks like he's that's his, his left knee. That's interesting.
Right? That's the police move.
See how he's using his toes. You're not allowed to use your toes in the cages.
It's so crazy.
Well, that's what I was gotta get out of there, man.
He's got to figure out a way to get out of there.
If he's underneath this for the remainder of the fight,
he is not going to win this fight. No chance,
but if he can get up and get out of here, anything can happen.
1 55. Oh,
sliding in the Mount. Uh here's the roll. Come on,
stand up, get a foot under.
It's going to be a lot of energy to try to get up from here, man.
It was the ones keeping that weight on him. Got that front headlock
and then way he man handles people. Man, me, he manhandled Tyron Woodley,
which is crazy.
What is he doing here? It looks. Is he going for an Anaconda choke?
It's hard to tell here. He might be going for an Anaconda choke. Uh,
I don't think so. Look at his right arm. He could see it.
With one knee down. He can only loose man can only meet him in the body.
Right? Or the legs.
Oh, he's up? He's up? Come on 40 seconds. See some, what can you do?
He's so tired, man.
I mean he might not even physically be able to get him away from him at this
point. That's why this is so interesting.
I know people don't like these positions, but God. It's crazy.
Here we go.
30 Seconds left. They're both on their feet. Oh.
[Inaudible].
10 Seconds.
Well the winter instill. Yeah, for sure. Right?
Absolutely.
[Inaudible].